Currency Maintenance System

Identification - Identified the applications and their software components which will be moving out of support ie Expired,Expiring in <Gmonths or expiring in >6 months.Applications which are in mainstream support as well as Bespoke & COTS are identified in CMS.
Shared Application - Identified the applications which are sharing the same servers and databases for planning purpose. Prioritization - Identified application depending on the software components prioritize back Jog defined for upgrade.
Distributed across various groups and sprints against respective groups.

Sprint planning - based on the priority and criticality as well as downtime required for application sprint planning has been done for respective applications and put across different groups

CMS Pre-prod Upgrade - Group-1 Sprint-1is in execution phase for pre-production environment (7th & gth Dec) for the following applications
GAS2, OBOM,SPEEDY, SCS RECON,SSVA, PANDA,SPEEDY, JVBRIDGE,PODS & CIC. Upgrade of all the servers including database has been completed. Testing of respective application is in process and till date no challenges or issues noticed in upgrade.
Current CMS Production Upgrade- Group-1Sprint-1 is in execution phase for Production has been planned on 27th & 23th Dec 23.
 what doe this mean
ChatGPT
It appears to be a status update or progress report related to a Currency Maintenance System (CMS) and its upgrade process. Let's break down the key points:

Identification:

Applications and their software components that are moving out of support or have expired are identified.
Applications in mainstream support, as well as bespoke (custom-made) and Commercial Off-The-Shelf (COTS) applications, are included in CMS.
Shared Application:

Applications that share the same servers and databases are identified for planning purposes.
Prioritization:

Applications are prioritized based on software components, with a back jog defined for upgrade.
Distribution and Sprint Planning:

Applications are distributed across various groups and sprints based on priority, criticality, and required downtime.
Sprint planning is done for respective applications in different groups.
CMS Pre-prod Upgrade:

Group-1 Sprint-1 is currently in the execution phase for the pre-production environment (7th & 8th Dec).
Applications included in this phase: GAS2, OBOM, SPEEDY, SCS RECON, SSVA, PANDA, JVBRIDGE, PODS & CIC.
Upgrade of all servers, including the database, has been completed.
Testing of respective applications is in process, and no challenges or issues have been noticed so far.
Current CMS Production Upgrade:

Group-1 Sprint-1 is in the execution phase for the production upgrade, planned on 27th & 23th Dec 23.
